h1. Concurrent Draft

The *ConcurrentDraft* extension enables draft versions of pages, snippets and layouts, which can be scheduled for promotion to Production.  Every such artifact (page, snippet or layout) can have a concurrent draft version, which will be displayed in development mode, and a promoted live version, which will be displayed in production mode.

Created by: Andrew vonderLuft and Sean Cribbs, August 2008, in Portland Oregon

h2. Version History

* 1.0.x - Compatible with Blade UI - 0.9 and above
* 0.8.0 - Compatible with Radiant 0.8.0 and above
* 0.7.1 - Compatible with Radiant 0.7.1

h2. Requirements

* Radiant 0.9 or greater
* Radiant 0.7.x - 0.8.x use appropriate tag

h2. Installation

h3. From the Radiant Extension Registry

# From your RAILS_ROOT run:
<pre>script/extension install concurrent_draft</pre>
# Restart your app
NOTE: In some earlier versions of Radiant, the migrations may not run, and the assets may not be copied and you may therefore need to run:
<pre>rake radiant:extensions:concurrent_draft:migrate
rake radiant:extensions:concurrent_draft:update</pre>

h3. From Github

# From your RAILS_ROOT run:
<pre>cd vendor/extensions
git clone git://github.com/avonderluft/radiant-concurrent_draft-extension.git ./concurrent_draft
cd ../../
rake radiant:extensions:concurrent_draft:migrate
rake radiant:extensions:concurrent_draft:update
</pre>
# Restart your app

h3. Using the gem

# Install the gem
<pre>gem install radiant-concurrent_draft-extension</pre>
# Update your Radiant config:  add to environment.rb with other gem.configs
<pre>config.gem 'radiant-concurrent_draft-extension', :lib => false</pre>
# Run database migrations
<pre>rake db:migrate:extensions</pre>
# Copy assets
<pre>rake radiant:extensions:update_all</pre>
# Restart your app

h2. Caveats

Scheduled times are dependent on the ActiveRecord time setting.  If you want to use local time, add this to your environment.rb:

<pre>config.active_record.default_timezone = :local</pre>

h2. Acknowledgments

* Andrew conceived of the ideas for this extension and its initial design,  and did model changes, migrations, and initial code for pages.
* Sean collaborated on its expansion and refactoring to include snippets and layouts, and produced most of the final code, including all of the UI.
* Andrew refactored the UI for Radiant 0.9 and higher, added i18n, and gemified the extension.
* After some discussion, they rightly identified the mystery piece as a Haydn Cello concerto.